In the earlier versions of Magento commercial and Enterprise applications, there was a bug identified by the team which is Authentication Bypass vulnerability which is due to improper authentication of incoming request handling where Remote attackers can gain control of the system. The above bug has taken resolved after five months with a new patch where the Authentication Bypass is handled. The vulnerabilities like Insufficient server-side validation of user input, security bypass by authenticated user, A cross-site scripting mitigation bypass, and An access control bypass vulnerability are raised in the release versions of 2.1,2.2 and 2.3 and those are resolved in the hotfixes later which exposed the data of the authenticated users. The current issues are order details are captured in the payment gateway, but it is not saved in the database when the table which stores the information exceeds 2GB of memory. few third-party payment integrations created security issues while the payment is processing as the third-party payments are not secured properly. The developers have identified the issues with such third-party payment integration payments, and they have removed such third-party payments in the latest releases. Coming to the security issues like SQL Injections, this is a common vulnerability from the previous versions to the latest versions which are disclosing the sensitive information to the attacker and Modification of some system files or information is possible but the attacker does not know what files he is modifying it. When it is fixed in previous releases then in the upcoming releases the same bug is found on different files in the code. The other type of security threat is HTTP Response Header Injection which is used to perform other attacks such as user redirection to a malicious website. Local File Inclusion is another vulnerability that can result in Sensitive information disclosure and remote code execution. The above are major security issues found in the earlier versions and latest versions out of which few issues are fixed, and few issues are yet to fix. PHP Object Injection and Stored cross-site scripting are major issues with high  priority have been resolved in the latest versions.
